** POC on Pact jvm **

1. Create Pact contracts between Consumer and Producer.
2. Create Consumer side Pact tests.
3. Run the tests using `mvn test`, this will create the pact files in the directory defined in the pom.xml.
4. Provide the pact files to the provider, for provider side pact tests execution.
5. To publish pacts to the Pact Broker - 
    a. Update the Pact Broker URL in the POM file.
    b. `mvn pact:publish`





**Consumer Driven Contracts using Pact:**	** POC on Pact jvm **
 1. **Pact** files are contracts that are created on the Consumer side.	1. Create Pact contracts between Consumer and Producer.
2. The Pact files are created once Consumer side tests are run successfully.	2. Create Consumer side Pact tests.
3. Pact file contains **Interactions** which are the contracts between the **Consumers** and **Providers**	3. Run the tests using `mvn test`, this will create the pact files in the directory defined in the pom.xml.
4. Pact files are named using the consumer_name-provider_name, also application version can be added.	4. Provide the pact files to the provider, for provider side pact tests execution.
5. Location of Pact files generated by the Consumer side can be altered using Surefire config settings in the maven POM	5. To publish pacts to the Pact Broker -
6. Pact files are created using - mvn test ------ for maven jvm projects.	    a. Update the Pact Broker URL in the POM file.
7. After creating the Pact files, the files need to be sent to the Pact broker or Provider code repo.	    b. `mvn pact:publish`
8. In the Provider side, the unit tests can be written after invoking the Provider Application.
9. Gradle tasks can be written to publish pact files to pact brokers - using the pact-broker hosted url - also these pacts can be tagged.
10. Input States expectations for the Provider can be stated on the Consumer side using **given**, and those given states can be implemented in the provider side using @State("state name in `given` in consumer")